well since the war on Gaza began on
October 7th exceptional levels of damage
have been inflicted on the Strip the UN
estimates that around 183,000 houses
have been damaged in the bombing that's
around 45% of all homes 28,000 homes
have been completely destroyed leaving
entire neighborhoods flattened out of 35
hospitals 16 are not functioning 51
basic health care centers have closed
and 50 ambulances have been damaged 1.4
million of gaza's 2.3 million people
people have been forced from their homes
in a territory that was already densely
populated Al jazer hanim Mahmud spoke to
a young woman in harit about life under
the Israeli
bombardment well it's certainly been
very scary I think the best word to
describe it would be like uncertain
because the uncertainty surrounding the
entire situation it's very scary you
don't know if you're going to live or
die you don't know if you're going to be
able to stay in this place you don't
know if you're going to be able to have
enough food to eat eat tonight and a big
part of it for me was that I don't know
whether any of my friends any of the
people I care about are alive are safe
because I have no way of contacting them
and it's so scary it really is so scary
cuz like it was so normal everything was
normal a month ago and just after one
day my whole life has been flipped
upside down and I don't know what's
going to happen and I don't know if I'm
going to be alive tomorrow Fatima we
know some of the foreign Nationals and
and palestini with you
with the dual citizenship were contacted
uh and because their names were listed
to leave Gaza have you been contacted by
your Embassy or anybody talk to you and
if so are you planning on leaving with
your family or what what's going on we
have been contacted by the Canadian
embassy they've been emailing my mom but
like the emails are really of no use
they just tell us they give us these
useless tips they tell us stay cautious
make sure you're in a safe place but
there really is no safe place they
haven't been able to guarantee us a
safety if we want to go to the border so
we are most likely planning on going
when our names come out but we're not
sure what's going to happen my dad said
like it depends on how the situation
plays out we really don't
know Fatima someone at your age early
teens of your life what are your
expectations I know it's very difficult
to do to ask question like this at these
difficult time but walk us through what
are you what are your hopes what are you
expecting my hopes I hope that this war
will end as fast as possible I hope that
we'll be able to get our land back I
hope that I'll be able to lead my normal
life again I hope that I'll be able to
go to school and see my friends and I
hope I'll be able to see my family and
that everything will be okay but I just
don't know what's going to happen cuz
looking around me the building right
behind us got bombed and it's so
terrifying looking at those ruins
thinking that could have been me it was
right beside us it was it's terrifying
because I really don't know what's going
to happen like I said no one knows
what's going to happen the there's
nowhere that is safe we don't know what
to do I don't know what to
do PA a message to your Embassy the
Canadian embassy and your government
official what do you want to tell them
get it together why are we not being
guaranteed safety to get to the Border I
don't
understand how they can send like how
they can send aids to the Israel to
Israeli people but we can't even be
guaranteed safety to leave our to leave
this country to get to safety like there
are so many people who have tried to get
to the border and they have been killed
so how do we know that we won't be one
of those people how do we know that we
can leave safely it's like they haven't
guaranteed us anything all they do is
send us emails telling us to stay safe
but they give us no way of staying safe
they really haven't done anything for us
and I'm so disappointed about that and
I've heard that my friends of some of my
British friends they've already been
able to leave and I'm so happy for them
but I'm just wondering why not us why
haven't we been able to leave yet I
don't like they haven't been able to
guarantee US Safety they said they can
guarantee US Safety on the Egyptian side
they can give us a loan of $100 so what
so what I still don't know whether I'm
going to be able to get out of here
alive there really are no guarantees and
that's the problem